# Modules

## General Data Format

All events generated by our scanning platform, delivered via our Data Streams or API Queries, have the following outline:

Details of the fields:

* **origin**: 
    * **client_id**:
        * Optional
        * Only on client stream,
        * Your client ID;
    * **job_id**:
        * Optional
        * Only on client stream,
        * Job ID that event is part of;
    * **type**:
        * Event type, module that produced the event,
        * Please refer to the next section for details on each module type;
    * **module**:
        * Either 'portscan' or 'grabber'. Category of the event. Portscan events merely indicate that a port was found open. Grabber events will contain more extracted data such as details of the ip/port/service;
    * **ip**:
        * IP used by the scanner to perform the analysis;
    * **port**:
        * Port used by the scanner to perform the analysis. Optional, only some modules will provide this information. Currently only provided by "service-simple". We will be working to add more.
        * Port used by the scanner to perform the analysis;
    * **ts**:
        * Unix Timestamp in Milliseconds;
    * **country**:
        * ISO code of the country the scanner that originated this event is located in;
* **target**: 
    * **ip**:
        * Target Address used for connection;
    * **port**:
        * Target Port used for connection;
    * **protocol**:
        * Target Protocol used for connection;
* **result**: 
    * **data**:
        * Varies according to each different module,
        * Please refer to the next section for details on each module type.


```
{
  "origin": {
    "client_id": "string",
    "job_id": "string",
    "country": "string",
    "type": "string",
    "module": "string",
    "ts": integer,
    "ip": "string"
    "port": integer
  },
  "target": {
    "ip": "ip",
    "port": integer,
    "protocol": "string"
  },
  "result": {
    "data": {(...)}  
  }
}
```

## Modules


### [service-simple module](modules/service-simple.md "service-simple")
Our main module for Service Identification. Extract basic product specific information, e.g. product name, version. This module is much faster than "service", since it returns less information.


### [elasticsearch module](modules/elasticsearch.md "elasticsearch") 
Extract Elasticsearch detailed information.


### [http & https module](modules/http.md "http")
Extract HTTP/HTTPS information, e.g. HTTP headers, HTTP status codes, HTTP body, and redirect information. Follows up to 5 redirects.


### [memcached module](modules/memcached.md "memcached")
Extract Memcached detailed information.


### [mongodb module](modules/mongodb.md "mongodb")
Extract MongoDB detailed information.


### [mqtt module](modules/mqtt.md "mqtt")
Grab MQTT information, including messages and topics.


### [rdp module](modules/rdp.md "rdp")
Extract RDP details and screenshot.


### [redis module](modules/redis.md "redis")
Extract Redis detailed information.


### [service module](modules/service.md "service")
Extract detailed product specific information, e.g. product name, version, headers, scripts. If you just want product name and version, consider using the faster "service-simple".


### [ssh module](modules/ssh.md "ssh")
Extract SSH details, e.g. key and algorithms for SSH servers.


### [ssl module](modules/ssl.md "ssl")
Extract SSL details e.g. type of encryption.


### [sslv2 module](modules/sslv2.md "sslv2")
Extract SSL details (Version 2).


### [telnet module](modules/telnet.md "telnet")
Extract Telnet information, e.g. Will, Do, Don't Won't commands.


### [vnc module](modules/vnc.md "vnc")
Extract VNC details and screenshot.


### [web module](modules/web.md "web")
Extract web information.


### [x11 module](modules/x11.md "x11")
Extract x11 screenshot.
